ns-3 Parameter Specification

The following CSVs contain information of a simulation run with the following parameters
- 6 servers
- 6 users
- 10 discrete timesteps
- 5x5 mile space

The system resources are
- Currently arbitrarily large (resource management aspect has not been complete yet)


Each one of the CSVs include information on the simulation.

1) user_locs.csv

This csv contains the x,y coordinates of every user in the system for the duration of 30 time steps. The units of the coordinates are in miles within the 1x1 mile simulation space. Every row represents a timestep. The columns are labeled with the user id, and whether the column represents an x or y coordinate in the system.

2) user_voronoi.csv

This csv contains information for each user regarding which server the user is closest to at every timestep. In other words, a voronoi tessellation was taken of the simulation space in regard to server locations. The rows represent timesteps. The servers are indexed from 1 to 10.

3) server_locs.csv

This csv contains the x,y coordinates of every server in the system. The units of the coordinates are in miles within the 1x1 mile simulation space. The columns are labeled with the server index and whether or not the value represents an x value or a y value.

4) server_link_flag.csv

This csv has SxS dimensions, where S is the number of servers in the system. The column index represents the source server and the row index represents the destination server. If a link exists between these two servers, I have put a 1, and a 0 if not. This csv was added because now not all servers are bi-directionally connected to each other.

5) plan.csv

There are three different migration plans generated each with a different method. The csv contains information which server a user request is hosted, and whether or not that process is migrating to another server. The rows represent timesteps. The source server represents where the process is currently hosted. The destination server shows where the process is migrating to. Even if a process if migrating, the process is hosted at the source server until the migration is complete. The "proportion migration" column represents how much of the process is migrated from source to destination server in a single timestep. The Mbps column is equivalent to the "proportion migration" column, but shows the amount migrated between servers in terms of MB. The mig-path column holds a sequence of servers from start to end if a migration is taking place, and the links are through some intermediary servers